hi hello welcome back to another video i
hope you're having the loveliest day
i just realized i have not done a like
food shop haul
in a good few months now and i
absolutely love watching these kind of
videos like especially if you've just
been having like
similar meals and stuff and with us
being still in lockdown in the uk and
stuff i just thought
it's a good time you know i'm gonna run
you through things that i've picked up
some of which i get every week and then
some of the stuff i
had just been mixing up and changing
around like i definitely feel like the
past few weeks i've just been getting a
bit bored of different things so i've
picked up some new
bits and i feel like you guys might
quite like them as well
it's really good to mix your food shop
up otherwise you just
end up on the justice app or delivery
app mason and i went to order an indian
last weekend
and i think it was like they were saying
it was about an hour and 30
minutes wait obviously because
everyone's at home and got the same idea
so we ended up just making our own like
curry style version it was it wasn't
amazing
but you know for like a first try it was
pretty good i made some like naan breads
like peshawari nars and
they honestly looked like pita breads
like rather than a naan bread
i know for next time um so yeah i'm just
going to jump
straight into this and i'll show you
what i picked up i've just sectioned
everything out i got this
from asda as to seem to be the best is
it
like in my area for some reason they're
the only brand that i can ever get like
um
drop off slots with for some reason and
it's always like within a few days so
yeah i just tend to go there because
it's easiest
and i can just click like whatever i got
the last week
and just like order bits and stuff just
saves a lot of time
um but yeah i do kind of shop around
quite a bit it's never like just like
one shot but i'd go to
i've picked up these chicken breast
fillets
i got four of these big ones which
can either last like mason and i a few
days or i can just separate them
pop them in the freezer if i'm just like
making a quick meal for myself
i really want to make some breaded
chicken as well i've got some
breadcrumbs in the cupboard so i have
been quite liking
lean turkey mints um it's really good
high in protein and lowering fat than
sort of like your beef
and stuff like that so i've been really
liking making
like a turkey chili called carney
something else you can do with turkey
mince is like make
like little mini burger things and then
just pop all your seasoning and like
your like chopped veggies and stuff like
that into them
and pop them in the oven and they're
really nice got these turkey burgers
which are higher in fat than the lean
one
and but never that's really tasty i do
like having them for lunch as well
also picked up some minted leg lamb
i'm gonna have this on sunday i'm
thinking we've mainly been having like a
roast chicken on a sunday so i thought
this
we can't just have lamb for the weekend
i get to pick like the white fish up so
i've got some
sea bass this time around and i'm hoping
i can make like
maybe like a tomato paste or something
for that
because it is a bit bland otherwise but
i do quite like it
with tomato ketchup very basic i've been
having a lot of salmon lately you know
i've been baking it in even with this
sriracha sauce and a bit of soy sauce
and oh my god it just tastes
amazing the ratchet has been something i
only discovered like
earlier on this year and just changed my
life more turkey rashers i have been a
bit bored of these so i only got one
this time round
and yeah it's perfect for like lunchtime
seeing any of my other food holds of
course i got some chicken
italia hex sausages i've tried other
versions like
um i think it was the audi chipotles and
i just don't think they compare to these
heck ones and they're such good macros
really tasty and like
actually flavorful so i've got two packs
of those
we do seem to go through that pretty
quick just to mix things up i got some
beef stir-fry strips like i don't
actually eat that much red meat to be
quite honest but i just thought i'd
throw some
something in there i absolutely love a
stir fry i don't make these enough
like i've pushed in the raisin aren't
they stir fries
so that is the meat section i actually i
look like a big cloud i'm
so comfy in this um jumper i feel like
someone may ask where it's from and it's
h m
really really nice quality like if you
just compare this with like a prt one
it's just so thick and warm um anyway
get very distracted
so on to the fruit and veg so i've
picked up
two packs of this frozen blueberries
these are
so nice like in baked oats or just eight
oats in general
this is literally what i use them for
basically and then if i ever do any
baking i'll just throw these and
these are also really good for dogs as
well so penelope just had a love a
frozen blueberry and obviously
little cakey bag of the berry medley um
that has got the strawberries in a game
really good for baking and i think
it's just nice to have both in the
freezer like for smoothies and whatnot
baby spinach i always make sure and i
would always recommend
everyone to always have like spinach in
um their weekly food shop
just because it's just so good it's high
in magnesium if you don't really
like the taste of veg like this is so
good to throw because it just like wilts
right down
you'll know what i mean but some of the
vitamins like hair
nails but two packs of tender stem
broccoli i thought this would be nice in
the bee stir fry
and and just i love it like frying
that for like busier days i've got some
chopped um
red onion and white onions mason did
actually get me onto this
like i know and only it literally takes
a few seconds to chop but i just
you know them days where you're just not
in the mood for like your eyes to start
watering and stuff
like this just makes sense two little
packs of those
and then a big pack of carrots i do
quite like you'll have seen in my insta
story but i love chocolate
carrot and also for like a sunday roast
seem to be having a lot of those like
they're such a winter
dish i think every sunday for maybe two
months now i've been having like a roast
of some sort
and a mixed bag of veggies so carrots
cauliflower
and broccoli these microwaves oh these
are microwavable ones
yeah i haven't got these before my dad
used to use these quite a bit how cute
these some super easy peelers
oranges like this week i've just been
struggling like you know
snacks and stuff i've really gone off
not gone off but i've just not been
craving
greek yogurt as much you like just plain
greek yogurt with protein
so i just thought i wanted to mix up
some snacks so yeah i've got some little
oranges which are really
nice and small you can have a few of
these in the day you know here at your
desk
working away some bananas i always like
to have those in and to put on top of
like my breakfasts
and snacks like on rice cakes that's
something
that i've done for so long with like
peanut butter i just thought i'd get to
treat myself to some pommy granite not
pomegranates
passion fruit even yeah i had a passion
fruit yogurt
the other day and i've just been
obsessed basically ever since
i wanted to like bake more i guess like
just i mean like in the winter months i
just seem to
crave chocolate so much like mason and i
have gone through
so much chocolate this week it always
sends my skin crazy
raspberry and strawberry hartley's
jellies like i might put some oranges in
there
probably not going to put oranges in
there oranges in jelly
especially not even orange flavored
jelly you know just to have something as
a little bit out of stripe
in the daytime i'm a snacker i like to
have my main meals of course but like i
do like to grade these like throughout
the day so i've got those
picked up some more chocolate chips
these are white chocolate ones
these are really good for baking and
also just to put in your oats and it
just
separates things like rather than having
like massive chunks of chocolate got
some reduced fat coconut milk
maybe if i'm gonna make like a thai
green curry with
that chicken or something got two packs
of the righty to
multi-grade it i think they stopped
selling the sweet and salty ones
i was probably the only person in the uk
that like absolutely adored those things
like it was so nice
um and yeah 23 calories per
rye cake and they're really nice like
with some nut butter
and a bit of chopped banana i don't know
what the verdict is on these
yogurts i thought i would get these
light and free greek styro yogurt peach
passion fruit
um like i said i've just been going off
like playing greek yogurt so i wanted to
mix
things up in that sense um 54 cows per
115 grams so i thought they'd be nice
and i like that they're just in little
tubs like you can take these with you
on the go and they're not ram-packed
with like added sugars as you can tell i
really am like in a passion fruit mood
at the moment so i've got this mango
papaya
passion fruit yogurt exact same reason
as the little mini ones i just wanted to
try some new
flavors and then i've got some starbucks
house blend
i did actually order um
i think it was the blonde roast one this
huge
tomato ketchup thing like this has been
a staple of mine for
maybe a year or two years um 50
less sugar and i use this most days so
that's definitely you must have and i've
got some more refill things you know for
like the
washing up just one of those washing up
dish
product you know the product thing you
just slide that on
i have oh my goodness i completely ran
out of deodorant for about three days
and i've been in a bit of a work mode
and also a lazy mode
assembly yes i've just got some more
deodorant i picked up two
i thought again i've even mixed up my
deodorant i don't normally get these
scents but
i've had this one before just the
coconut one and
i also got the pear and aloe vera scent
by is like my kind of go-to brand really
yeah and then i just also got some dough
nourishing milk in
the silk i really like the dove body
washes because i just feel like they
actually leave a lovely
smell afterwards on your skin i also got
just some cordial juice like just to
make sure i'm drinking more water i just
haven't really been that great on the
water intake
and i do think that always helps like
especially on those days like say if you
don't
want to have a pre-workout i've been
trying to watch my caffeine and
so i think there that's really nice like
if you do want something other than
water like for your workouts
and then in terms of cleaning stuff i
don't know if you actually like seeing
my cleaning
stuff um but i really am into like
all the scents in terms of like my
laundry and everything i've just got
this
comfort blue skies i really like these
things because they last for ages
and i always wash my surfaces with them
like i'll just put a little bit in
the sink and leave it there overnight it
makes my
kitchen smell so nice and fresh um
yeah i love that i normally get a sunny
skies one of these but it didn't have it
in
so yeah it's also got some flash with
bleach i've just sprayed bleach myself
basically
coconut oil toilet roll this makes your
whole bathroom
smell so nice it's never usually in
stock as well so i'm very
happy to have got that um
bleach yeah that is everything that i've
picked up this week like as
obviously like mason and i are working
from home basically
majority of the time other than like
nipping out and
we are i feel like we are going through
food way quicker because we're not
eating that out on the go at
all but um yeah i really hope you
enjoyed this video do let me know if you
would like to still see
still see um if you'd like to still see
these kind of videos like just showing
what i pick up
uh in the comments down below and i'll
make sure i do them or if there's any
likes
for like a specific goal just to mention
at the moment i'm just on maintenance um
with the gyms being closed and things
like that i've
not cut down my calories at all i've
just kept things like quiet
same same and i have increased like my
volume in terms of
my workouts because i don't have like
the same weights as the gym
and whatnot and but you know just
keeping things moving like this week
i've just had
i don't know i just haven't felt myself
i don't know whether
just a mixture of everything going on
and also because winter is just like
here is so
hard like i just feel like it's just
been so dark this week
and i've just been trying to keep sort
of positive i've just been feeling so
tired like it gets to four o'clock and
it's obviously like almost dark
and i just start like my brains just
like sleep time when it's clearly not
the day is still
you know there's still things to be done
um but yeah i'm just sending all my love
to you guys i hope you're all well
all across wherever you are right now um
and my inboxes on instagram are only a
message away if you ever
need any support or anything um and yeah
that is
everything if you haven't already i'd
love to stick around by
subscribing and joining the fan and i'll
see you guys in
the next video